Add clarification in documentation guide (#3523)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: learn/guides/generating-code-documentation.md

}
```

> Now, move into the `math` directory and run `bal doc` command to generate documentation of the package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, navigate to the `math` directory, and run the `bal doc` command to generate the documentation of the package.
```
